The minutes of the meeting with your TA every week will be recorded in a file here. You will be updating the same file every week with the latest updates. Points to include in the minutes would be:
- Decisions made
- Alternative actions/options discussed
- Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities

+-----------------------------------

03/22

Time: 5:15pm-5:25pm

Agenda:
- gave Nikhil an overview of the project and an update of what we're currently working on
- talked about to-do and in-progress user stories in github project

Nikhil Notes:
- setting trip that user creates (with link?)
- carbon emission calculator (cool possible feature)
- overall project looks good and thought out

By next meeting:
- more code and commits, but not much needed (spring break)

+-----------------------------------
03/09

Time 5:15-5:25

Agenda: 

Nikhil Notes:

By next meeting:




+-----------------------------------
04/05

Time 5:15-5:30

* Went over what we have completed 
    - JSON from API and SQL tables created 
    - Created endpoints for registering, login, and boilerplate pages for homepage, trips page, parks page, and notifications page.

* Went over what API endpoints we are using:
    - Parks
    - Activities
    - Tours
    - Events
    - Things to do
    - Campgrounds


* Plans for Week 3:
    - Complete Lab 11 

    - Add functionality/content to pages
        - Create trips
        - Adding parks, events, etc to individual days
        - Specifying and adding parks to a planner
        - Create Trip form and add submission to database
        - Homepage, trips page, parks page, notifications page

    - Go over what else we should do, what to add/change, or perhaps cut down on

    - If we can, we will add sharing trips notifications to other users


* Question about presentation date and details:
    - Project presentations will happen in person, no concrete details as to where or when


* We are the furthest ahead of all groups, noice!

+-----------------------------------
4/12

Time 5:15-5:25

*Went over the new verison completed
    - Added All Trips page / functionality
    - Added Create Trips page / functionality
    - Added Notfications page / semi-functionality
    - We completed everything in progress on Github

*Went over plans for next week
    - Going to finish functionality for notifications
    - Going to add hosting capibilities

*TA notes
    - Website looks good, room for UI improvement
    - Github project is well managed
    - Still ahead compared to other groups

*Questions
    - Q: When will be presenting?
      A: During lab on 04/25, multiple TAs will score based off 
         the rubrick that has been made public already. We will
         also be asked what portions of the project people completed.

+-----------------------------------
      